
@@Colors
<unfinished>

\ \ 
<table>
Color(r,g,b)              \                 Generates a CDATA value
                                             which has the specified
                                             color and level 255
                                             alpha.
AColor(a,r,g,b)                             Generates a CDATA value
                                             which has the specified
                                             color and level
                                             specified level of
                                             alpha.
SetAlpha(rgb, a)                            Retains the color info
                                             portion of CDATA and
                                             replaces the alpha
                                             value.
RedVal(color)                               Fetches the red byte
                                             value of CDATA
BlueVal(color)                              Fetches the blue byte
                                             value of CDATA
GreenVal(color)                             Fetches the green byte
                                             value of CDATA
AlphaVal(color)                             Fetches the alpha byte
                                             value of CDATA
BASE_COLOR_BLACK          Color( 0,0,0 )    A color
BASE_COLOR_BLUE           Color( 0, 0,      A color
                           128 )             
BASE_COLOR_GREEN          Color( 0, 128,    A color
                           0 )               
BASE_COLOR_CYAN           Color( 0, 128,    A color
                           128 )             
BASE_COLOR_RED            Color( 192, 32,   A color
                           32 )              
BASE_COLOR_BROWN          Color( 140, 0,    A color
                           140 )             
BASE_COLOR_MAGENTA        Color( 160,       A color
                           160, 0 )          
BASE_COLOR_LIGHTGREY      Color( 192,       A color
                           192, 192 )        
BASE_COLOR_DARKGREY       Color( 128,       A color
                           128, 128 )        
BASE_COLOR_LIGHTBLUE      Color( 0, 0,      A color
                           255 )             
BASE_COLOR_LIGHTGREEN     Color( 0, 255,    A color
                           0 )               
BASE_COLOR_LIGHTCYAN      Color( 0, 255,    A color
                           255 )             
BASE_COLOR_LIGHTRED       Color( 255, 0,    A color
                           0 )               
BASE_COLOR_LIGHTMAGENTA   Color( 255, 0,    A color
                           255 )             
BASE_COLOR_YELLOW         Color( 255,       A color
                           255, 0 )          
BASE_COLOR_WHITE          Color( 255,       A color
                           255, 255 )        
</table>
<emit \<table border=1\>\\n\<COL\>\<COL\>\<COL width="50%"\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\>Color(r\,g\,b)\</td\>\<td\>\</td\>\<td scope=col \>Generates a CDATA value which has the specified color and level 255 alpha.\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\>AColor(a\,r\,g\,b)\</td\>\<td\>\</td\>\<td\>Generates a CDATA value which has the specified color and level specified level of alpha.\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\>SetAlpha(rgb\, a)\</td\>\<td\>\</td\>\<td\>Retains the color info portion of CDATA and replaces the alpha value.\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\>RedVal(color)\</td\>\<td\>\</td\>\<td\>Fetches the red byte value of CDATA\</td\>\</tr\>                                 \\n\<tr\>\<td\>BlueVal(color)\</td\>\<td\>\</td\>\<td\>Fetches the blue byte value of CDATA\</td\>\</tr\>                                 \\n\<tr\>\<td\>GreenVal(color)\</td\>\<td\>\</td\>\<td\>Fetches the green byte value of CDATA\</td\>\</tr\>                                 \\n\<tr\>\<td\>AlphaVal(color)\</td\>\<td\>\</td\>\<td\>Fetches the alpha byte value of CDATA\</td\>\</tr\>                                 \\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_BLACK        \</td\>\<td\>Color( 0\,0\,0 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#000000\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_BLUE         \</td\>\<td\>Color( 0\, 0\, 128 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#000080\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_GREEN        \</td\>\<td\>Color( 0\, 128\, 0 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#008000\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_CYAN         \</td\>\<td\>Color( 0\, 128\, 128 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#008080\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_RED          \</td\>\<td\>Color( 192\, 32\, 32 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#c02020\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_BROWN        \</td\>\<td\>Color( 140\, 0\, 140 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#8c008c\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_MAGENTA      \</td\>\<td\>Color( 160\, 160\, 0 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#8c8c00\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_LIGHTGREY    \</td\>\<td\>Color( 192\, 192\, 192 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#c0c0c0\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_DARKGREY     \</td\>\<td\>Color( 128\, 128\, 128 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#808080\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_LIGHTBLUE    \</td\>\<td\>Color( 0\, 0\, 255 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#0000FF\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_LIGHTGREEN   \</td\>\<td\>Color( 0\, 255\, 0 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#00FF00\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_LIGHTCYAN    \</td\>\<td\>Color( 0\, 255\, 255 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#00FFFF\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_LIGHTRED     \</td\>\<td\>Color( 255\, 0\, 0 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#FF0000\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_LIGHTMAGENTA \</td\>\<td\>Color( 255\, 0\, 255 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#FF00FF\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_YELLOW       \</td\>\<td\>Color( 255\, 255\, 0 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#FFFF00\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\<tr\>\<td\> BASE_COLOR_WHITE        \</td\>\<td\>Color( 255\, 255\, 255 )\</td\>\<td bgcolor=#FFFFFF\>A color\</td\>\</tr\>\\n\</table\>>

@@sack::image::BASE_COLOR_BLUE
An opaque normal blue.
See Also
<link Colors>

@@sack::image::BASE_COLOR_PURPLE
An opaque normal purple (magenta).
See Also
<link Colors>

@@sack::image::BASE_COLOR_LIGHTGREY
An opaque normal grey (gray?).
See Also
<link Colors>

@@sack::image::BASE_COLOR_ORANGE
An opaque normal orange.
See Also
<link Colors>

@@sack::image::BASE_COLOR_MAGENTA
An opaque normal Magenta - a lighter, more red purple.
See Also
<link Colors>

@@sack::image::ResizeImage
<combine sack::image::RemakeImageEx@Image@PCOLOR@uint32_t@uint32_t height>

\ \ 

@@sack::image::BlotImageAlpha
\ \ 

@@sack::image::BlotImageMultiShaded
\ \ 

@@sack::image::BlotImageMultiShadedSized
\ \ 

@@sack::image::AdoptSubImage@Image@Image
\ \ 

@@PASTE
This is a macro used for building name changes for
interfaces.

@@IMAGE_NAMESPACE
Define the namespace of image routines, when building under
C++.

@@IMAGE_API
Define the default call type of image routines. CPROC is
__cdecl.

@@ASM_IMAGE_NAMESPACE_END
Define the namespace of image routines, when building under
C++. This ends the namespace. Assembly routines only have the
ability to export C names, so extern"c" { } is used instead
of namespace ___ { }.

@@ASM_IMAGE_NAMESPACE
Define the namespace of image routines, when building under
C++. This ends the namespace. Assembly routines only have the
ability to export C names, so extern"c" { } is used instead
of namespace ___ { }.

@@IMAGE_NAMESPACE_END
Define the namespace of image routines, when building under
C++. This ends a namespace.

@@IMAGE_PROC
Define the linkage type of the routine... probably
__declspec(dllimport) if not building the library.

@@sack::image::BlatColorAlpha@Image@int32_t@int32_t@uint32_t@uint32_t@CDATA
\ \ 

@@sack::image::BlotImage
\ \ 

@@sack::image::BlotImageShaded
\ \ 

@@!!FUNCTIONS_sack::containers::list
\ \ 

@@sack::image::IMG_ADDRESS
A macro to compute the address of a pixel in the color buffer
by x, y.
Parameters
i :  Image to get the color buffer address of
x :  x coordinate of pixel to get address of
y :  y coordinate of pixel to get address of

Returns
The address of the pixel in the color buffer.
 
@@!!MACROS_sack::image::render
These are internal messages to pass to the display handling
thread. most are unimplemented.

@@!!RECORDS_sack::image
<combine sack::image::font_global_tag>

\ \ 

@@sack::image::FONT_GLOBAL
<combine sack::image::font_global_tag>

\ \ 

@@sack::image::PALT_SIZE_FILE
<combine sack::image::alt_size_file_tag>

\ \ 

@@sack::image::FontMagicIdentifiers
Magic values to determine if a structure is a PFONTDATA or a
PRENDER_FONTDATA.
 
@@sack::image::FontMagicIdentifiers::MAGIC_RENDER_FONT
used to indicate the block is a PRENDER_FONTDATA.
 
@@sack::image::FontMagicIdentifiers::MAGIC_PICK_FONT
Used to specify the block is a PFONTDATA.

@@sack::image::font_entry_tag::flags@1
<combine sack::image::font_entry_tag::flags>

\ \ 

@@sack::image::font_entry_tag::name
name of the font family entry. Data appended to this
structure.

@@sack::image::font_entry_tag::flags
Flags about this font family.

@@sack::image::font_entry_tag::nStyles
number of styles this font entry has.

@@sack::image::file_size_tag::file
filename of the font.

@@sack::image::file_size_tag::path
path to the file.

@@sack::image::file_size_tag::nSizes
number of SIZES lists contained.

@@sack::image::file_size_tag::pAlternate
Alternate files that this font might be.

@@sack::image::render::PRENDERER
This is the type that the sack::image::render primarily deals
with. This is used to put Image to physical display. It can
be a truly alpha transparent surface on Windows XP+, and the
transparent surface can do region updates in Windows Vista+.



This typename is aliased to different real structures
depending on context. The application should just regard this
type as a simple value and never ever try to delve into it.
See Also
<link render.h>

@@sack::image::render::RedrawCallback
Defines type function signature required for a user callback
to handle Redraw(resize) event.

@@sack::image::render::LoseFocusCallback
Defines type function signature required for a user callback
to handle lose focus event.

@@sack::image::render::CloseCallback
Defines type function signature required for a user callback
to handle window close event.

@@sack::image::render::dropped_file_acceptor
Defines type function signature required for a user callback
to handle drop file event.




 
@@sack::image::render::keyboard::KeyUpDownState::KEYISUP
Value of keyupdown when key is up.
 @@sack::image::render::keyboard::KeyUpDownState::KEYISDOWN
Value of keyupdown when key is down.

@@!!SYMREF
asdf
